Add bluster functions to cheatsheet (#814)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: module-cheatsheets/scRNA-seq-advanced-cheatsheet.md

| `AUCell` | [`AUCell_calcAUC()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/AUCell/man/AUCell_calcAUC.html) | Calculate AUC | Calculates the area under the recovery curve (AUC) for each gene set in each cell |
| `AUCell` | [`AUCell_exploreThresholds()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/AUCell/man/AUCell_exploreThresholds.html) | Explore thresholds | Calculates thresholds in AUC values that can be used to assign cells; optionally makes assignments and produces histograms |

## `bluster`

Read the [`bluster` package documentation](https://rdrr.io/bioc/bluster/) and vignettes on its usage:

* [Flexible clustering for Bioconductor](https://rdrr.io/bioc/bluster/f/vignettes/clusterRows.Rmd)
* [Assorted clustering diagnostics](https://rdrr.io/bioc/bluster/f/vignettes/diagnostics.Rmd)

| Library/Package      | Piece of Code      | What it's called    | What it does  |
|----------------------|--------------------|---------------------|---------------|
| `bluster`| [`clusterRows()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/bluster/man/clusterRows.html)| Cluster rows of a matrix | Perform clustering using a variety of algorithms on a matrix-like object |

> | `bluster`| [`KGraphParam()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/bluster/man/KmeansParam-class.html)| K-means clustering | Run k-means clustering using `kmeans()` when provided to `bluster::clusterRows()` |

Reviewer: Clustering function name fix, as well as a clarification that this function only sets up parameters. 
```suggestion
| `bluster`| [`KmeansParam()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/bluster/man/KmeansParam-class.html)| K-means clustering parameters | Set up parameters to run clustering using `kmeans()` within `bluster::clusterRows()` |
```

Author: I agree!!! I originally had written this with "set up parameters" as you suggested, but the bluster docs didn't include this language so I removed it. But I think we're right.

> | `bluster`| [`NNGraphParam()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/bluster/man/NNGraphParam-class.html)| Graph-based clustering | Run community detection algorithms on a nearest-neighbor (NN) graph when provided to `bluster::clusterRows()` |

Reviewer: possible rephrasing
```suggestion
| `bluster`| [`NNGraphParam()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/bluster/man/NNGraphParam-class.html)| Graph-based clustering parameters | Set up parameters for nearest-neighbor (NN) graph-based clustering algorithms to be applied within `bluster::clusterRows()` |
```
